Visualizations & Lens embeddables being added throughout Security app (#3298)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/alerts-visualizations.asciidoc

NOTE: Some view types don't have the *Group by top* option. You can also leave *Group by top* blank to group by only the primary field in *Group by*.

> To reset a view to default settings, hover over it and click the options menu (image:images/three-dot-icon.png[Settings menu icon,18,18]) that appears, then select *Reset group by fields*. 

Reviewer: See below [question](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3298/files#diff-104ec26f4b74ea5b31e353ff2bda7804f7e927ee2346bba1a8f8c1ab4edbcb80R44) about menus. More of a question.

> TIP: The options menu also allows you to inspect the visualization's queries, and for the trend and counts views, you can add the visualization to a new or existing case, or open it in Lens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TIP: The options menu also lets you inspect the visualization's queries. For the trend and counts views, it lets you add the visualization to a new or existing case, or open it in Lens.
```

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: The options menu also lets you inspect the visualization's queries. For the trend and counts views, you can add the visualization to a new or existing case, or open it in Lens.
```
